 Welcome to Liar's Dice, by Team 007

	1. You are reading the rules for Liars Dice, by team 007.
	Once you feel comfortable with the rules you can
	press "Got it" to continue to the game start screen.

	2. On the start screen you must choose the number of
	players that will be playing on the drop down menu.

	3. Once the number of players has been selected, press
	"Start Game" to begin. Pressing "Back out" will return
	you to this rules pane.

	4. At the initiation of the game each player is created
	with their own panel, representing a cup containing 5 dice,
	and the various actions that each player can make.

	5. At this point a round of play begins.

	6. Player 1 acts first on the first round, the player who loses
	each round will act first on the remaining rounds.

	7. Each player will start by looking at their own dice within
	their own cup by pressing the "Show Dice" button on their panel.

	8. At this point the player who is designated next to act will
	have the choice to either "Bid" or "Challenge", unless it is
	the first player to act in which case only bidding is an option.

	9. A bid is a guess by the player of the number of dice in all of
	the players cups that have the same face value showing. A
	challenge represents a player challenging the validity of the
	last bid.

	10. If a player would like to place a bid, that player presses
	the "Bid" button. Two fields appear where the player can enter
	a die face value ("Enter Die Value") and a total number of dice
	showing that face value ("Enter Die Num").

	11. A valid bid must contain either a greater number of dice or a
	higher face value than the last valid bid.

	12. Once a valid bid has been placed, the "Bid" button must be
	pressed and play will advance to the next player.

	13. If a player chooses to challenge by pressing the "Challenge"
	button, all dice in the cups are immediately revealed. If the
	bidding player's bid is equal or less than the actual number of
	dice in all cups showing the bid face value, the challenger loses
	the round, and forfeits one die from their cup for the remainder
	of the game. Otherwise the bidding player loses the round and
	they forfeit one die for the remainder of the game.

	14. If a player loses a challenge or bid and the die that they
	lose is their last, that player is removed from the game.

	15. Play continues until only one player remains. That player is
	the winner of Liar's Dice.

	16. Good luck, and enjoy Liar's Dice...

